c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\WebAppReporteIncidencias.dll.config
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\WebAppReporteIncidencias.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\WebAppReporteIncidencias.pdb
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\obj\Debug\WebAppReporteIncidencias.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\obj\Debug\WebAppReporteIncidencias.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\obj\Debug\WebAppReporteIncidencias.pdb
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Entidades.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\LogicaNegocio.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\AccesoDatos.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\Entidades.pdb
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\LogicaNegocio.pdb
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\AccesoDatos.pdb
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\fer_9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAppReporteIncidencias\WebAppReporteIncidencias\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
